# DriverPass
•	**Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?**    
The DriverPass project was a client who wanted to develop a system that allows students to learn both theoretically and practically to drive. The students were able to do practice tests that were connected to the DMV to have the most current information, as well as having practice sessions with instructors driving cars.  
•	**What did you do particularly well?**    
I addressed the client’s needs by implementing a role-based authentication system as they wanted, as the client needed to have different types of users, like students, secretaries, instructors, and administrators.  
•	**If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?**    
I would choose the user interface, in the business requirements document, as I only included information for the students’ interface, and did not consider the instructors, secretaries, nor administrators’ interface. I would improve it by restructuring the students’ interface and adding the interfaces for the other roles, complying this way with the client’s needs.  
•	**How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?**    
I implemented the user’s needs and implemented them into my design by considering a role-based approach and daily updates with the DMV, as the client did not want to be left behind an update from the DMV, daily updates were scheduled to have the most current information and implement them into the students’ tests. It is important to consider the user’s needs when designing because the design will allow the developers to know what must and what must not be included in the system. For instance, if the designing phase was not properly done, developers could have developed a system where role-based authentication was not implemented and updates with the DMV were never done, leaving the system obsolete and not fulfilling the client’s needs. If we do not consider the user’s needs, we are not accomplishing our work as developers.  
•	**How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?**    
To design software, it is important to have a detailed conversation with the client to understand what they really need. We have to uncover functionality they see as a must, and functionality they are fine with not having or being developed in the future. We need to set expectations and limitations with the client, so they know what will and might not be accomplished within a realistic timeline. I would use techniques like developing a Gantt Chart so that the development team can have an understanding of the deadlines and milestones in the project. I would implement UML diagrams, like case, activity, sequence, and class diagrams, to be able to understand how the system will work, which entities the system will have, which attributes, methods, etc. This is all important to be able to develop the desired system and fulfill the client’s needs and comply with their vision. 
